fixed cmdline coloring on windows (#7055)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/7053.bugfix.md

> Fixed cmdline coloring for windows cmdlines running an encoding other than utf-8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed command line coloring for windows command lines running an encoding other than `utf-8`.
```
